Gotcha!
You know you shouldn't be
reading this on your own?
It'll give you nightmares.
Please Mum, just one story!
What about the Werewolf?
Or the Wendigo? I like that one!
Ah! Here we go.
The Grota was a savage
and powerful beast.
One day a brave young Warrior,
just like you,
came passing through the village.
She alone decided that all monsters,
no matter how scary,
could be defeated.
The warrior fought long and
hard but the monster was strong
and vicious.
She picked her moment, took her sword
and with one thrust, jabbed
the monster in its weakest spot!
And...
Boom!
But that's enough for tonight.
Mum?
Be quiet for Mum Pumpkin.
Sophie!
Sophie.
Lesbo.
This is so boring!
Right! Everyone put your pens down.
Stop writing!
It seems Mona can't go five minutes
without wanting everyone's attention.
So I want everybody to look at her.
Look at her!
You're the reason
this school is struggling.
A dedicated student
raises their class up.
A fool drags it down and you Mona
are making the whole class fail.
That's not true sir.
Sophie don't defend her,
you're better than that.
Listen freak!
Why don't you go and mess up
your own life somewhere else?
Some of us actually have a future.
Yeah Arya.
And your's involves taking it
from three guys on pay per view.
Slut!
Right! Straight to the head's office!
I'm gone!
OK everyone, back to work.
You have fifteen minutes.
Go and speak to her.
You're still here then?
Thanks. Mrs Harris loves me.
She won't kick me out.
Hey. I've got something for you.
My brother is a right computer nerd.
No offense Beth.
What the fuck?
Oh you look pretty.
No! No way you can't hand those out!
It's a bit late for that.
Been giving them out all morning.
Even gave Mrs Harris one!
She can't make it though.
Come to Sophie's party!
I'm just getting the word out.
I said a few people, not
the whole bloody school.
You're only eighteen once!
Besides, it will be the perfect
opportunity to pull Jess.
Stuff this.
Cancel your plans tonight party people
because there is only one place to be.
What the hell?
Sophie's having a party?
And it's going to be banging.
Professional DJ, booze on tap.
Loads of hot lads.
And lasses.
This looks great.
I'm in.
Babe?
It will be fun.
I'll put you on the guest list.
Get there for eight.
Don't be late!
Brice.
Phone!
What are you doing?
I'm extending Sophie's invitation.
Giving that Muff Diver a birthday treat.
Hello?
I'd like to make
a booking for tonight.
Absinthe has been a party staple
since like Medieval times.
It's a social lubricant.
Gets everyone in the mood.
Oh? So who have you got
your eye on tonight?
What about that skater lad in Geography?
Is he coming?
Oh God no! He's well greasy.
What are you doing?
I heard you say you were
going to have a party.
You only turn eighteen once
so I wanted to make it special.
Thanks Dad.
Dad?
Can I have a word please?
In private?
Come on Beth.
Lets go get the drinks ready.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I'm very proud of you.
Dad.
Listen!
I know you don't want to hear
your old man banging on.
You're a special kid pumpkin.
You've got so much potential.
You're just like her.
My friends are here.
I'm not going to embarrass you.
I've held on to this for too long.
It's the book she used to read me.
I don't want it!
Mum would want you to have it!
We used to call it the Book of Monsters.
Oh, that's it!
I liked the pictures.
It' wasn't my first choice
for bed time stories
but your mother was
unconventional.
That's why I married her.
I know I don't measure up.
Dad.
I do love you.
And, I miss her too.
I'll get out of your hair.
Don't go too crazy tonight.
It will be very tame.
I'll see you downstairs.
So what have you three
got planned for this evening?
Oh, you know!
Just a quiet night in with the girls.
Bed by midnight, OK?
Bye!
He has no idea.
This is shit!
I knew no one would come.
No one ever comes here!
Don't be like that!
It's still early.
Well!
This is shabby.
Get me some wine!
You can put your coats over there
and there is drinks on the side and...
Or you could just do that.
See. Party central.
Who are these people,
they don't go to our school?
Relax!
Hello handsome.
Hey.
Thanks.
Cool party.
Hi Sophie. Thanks for inviting me.
Drink?
We're in Geography together.
I sat next to you last year.
Oh! Sorry, of course.
What's your name again?
That's OK, it's Gary.
Chug, chug, chug!
Oh, this was a bad idea.
Thanks for the drink Gavin!
It's Gary.
OK.
Hey! I'm still drinking that!
You're welcome!
Watch this.
Happy birthday!
Stay Hydrated!
Oh Shit.
You alright?
For the beer.
Thanks.
I'm sorry about Brice and Arya.
Why do you hang around with them?
Yo
Who are you big man?
That was horrible.
Don't get up, big man!
What a looser!
I swear...
You know what I mean? What the fuck?
Sorry.
Hi.
I had two currys last night,
I'm really sorry.
Em...
It's cool of your Dad
to let us have a party.
He doesn't know.
God. He's going to kill me
when he sees the state of it.
Well, then you might as well
enjoy your last night.
Oh my God! What is that?
Lightweight.
Wait, no wait, that's my bedroom!
Never mind.
I know a good dry cleaners.
For your sheets.
Eww!
Come on, lets go back inside.
So what class are you in?
What are you looking for?
Sophie! The Police are here!
What?
They're at the front door.
You'll have to answer it!
Are you Sophie?
I'm afraid we've had
reports of a disturbance.
I'm gonna have to place you
under arrest.
For what crime?
A crime of passion!
So you're a big re/ Big reader then?
I like reading.
I like reading fantasy novels.
I'm going to a book signing soon.
Tell me.
Are you a Virgin?
I've never kissed a girl before.
Thought so.
Oh shit son!
What are you...
Fuck this.
Whoo!
You're done hot stuff.
Kill the music!
Show's over.
Just when she was
getting a taste for it!
Enjoy that did you?
I thought you were different.
I'm sorry kid, I was just told
to show you a good time.
Fuck off.
Fair enough.
Mona just leave it.
She deserves it.
Listen to your freak Mona.
What is your problem?
Sophie's gay, get over it.
Gay is the least of her worries.
We all know about little
Sophie's trip to the looney bin.
Oh, yeah. Didn't you know?
Sophie thinks the Bogey Man
killed her Mummy.
Even her Dad thought she was crazy.
Sent her to a mental Hospital
for a year!
My parents still think he did it.
But maybe Sophie snapped and
chopped Mummy up into little pieces?
You bitch!
Oh now you're going to get it.
Hey guys!
Am I late for a party?
Oh God!
Anders!
Look out man!
No!
Oh fuck!
Guys come on!
Arya!
Arya, what the fuck?
Stripper Guy! Stripper Guy, help me!
My hands!
What the fuck are you doing?
Come on.
Sophie! Come on, come on!
Sophie!
Beth!
Get out! Run!
Come on!
Tanya.
I had math class with her.
Where now?
In here!
You'll be safe here.
A monster! A fucking monster!
A big fucking monster!
Help me!
You get a lap dance and full frontal!
You didn't pay me for this shit!
Help me!
This way!
Come on. We need to get help.
Wait.
Who is that?
Run!
We need to call the police.
I already have.
What?
But you weren't even there.
I heard what was going on.
What are you doing?
We need to keep safe.
Until the police arrive.
Not by locking us in.
It's the best way to keep safe!
No!
Stop!
Who are you?
Check the back door.
This was meant to be a friendly party,
a friendly atmosphere!
Check the back door!
You check the back door!
I'm going to call the police.
Have you got a phone on you?
I'll check the back door.
Come on, come on you piece of shit!
Hello, Police?
I have to be quick so please listen.
My house is being robbed right now!
I live at Hollow Farm.
Down the valley through Hollow Wood.
Please hurry!
We're not being robbed, we're
being killed!
And what was I supposed to say?
That a giant fucking monster has
killed half our classmates?
I don't think they'd believe that.
I don't believe that.
Yeah, OK that's pretty clever.
Find the key!
I'm calling the police.
No!
What the hell?
We need to keep safe!
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You bastard!
Wait here.
Sophie?
I know what it is.
That can't be right,
how can that be right?
Sophie, what is it?
I...
I've seen it before.
Not in the flesh but
in a book.
Ooh!
Do you have a hair clip?
I've had to break myself out of
my own handcuffs a few times.
Idiot!
It can't be real.
What book was this?
It was something my Mum
used to read me before bed.
I don't understand.
How do we kill it?
There is something.
Something I remember.
There's a spot.
A weak spot.
On its back.
I saw it, it's there.
I know how to kill it.
Trust me.
Just have to hit that spot.
With what?
We should stick together.
Fuck you!
Argh!
No one steals my look!
Wait here OK.
Shit!
What are those little bastards?
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
they're doing something!
Shit!
You have got to be fucking kidding me!
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Fuck off!
Kill them!
Weeee!
No, no, no, noooo!
Huhh!
Open the Microwave!
Weeeeee.
Fry you fucker!
Get back here!
Where's the last one?
Over here!
Get off him!
Whooo!
Who are you?
I'm Gary.
Good job Greg.
Lets get the fuck out of here!
Back inside. Now!
How many of those things are there?
In here, it's safe!
We need to barricade the door.
There's more outside.
You came back.
Grant here just saved our lives.
Lets get this place secure.
Has anyone seen Mona?
What?
Easy.
You took quite a blow.
That guy?
Yeah. Not a guy.
Some kind of fucking monster.
He took a beating and
then took to the window.
God knows where he,
She.
Is now.
Come on.
Lets get the hell out of here.
Listen.
I will get you out of here.
I promise.
You throw a shit party.
Arya.
I'm really sorry for your loss.
Brice was/
Brice was a fucking idiot.
But his Dad had a Porsche.
He let us drive it sometimes.
He didn't deserve to die.
Just give me that.
I'll take it, let go.
Mona!
Are you OK?
I'm fine.
She needs a seat.
What's that Mona?
Why have you go that?
I thought it might be useful.
What do you mean, useful?
This is really old.
Hey guys!
The Police are here!
Car fifteen responding
to call from Hollow Farm.
Holy shit.
You know where we are, right?
Yeah, in the middle of fucking nowhere.
No!
Ten years ago, Homicide.
Late one night, Dad goes home,
Finds his wife chopped to bits
under his kid's bed.
It was all over the papers.
Kid saw the whole thing.
Only eight years old.
Fucking hell.
They caught the guy, right?
No.
And that's not the strangest thing.
According to the kid,
it wasn't a guy at all.
It was...
A monster!
Wanker!
Fuck.
Stay here Rookie.
I'll go and check out the place.
Fuck you Keith.
Help me!
Keith, this is not the time
to be fucking around.
My God!
Monster!
Shit!
Oh, come on!
Oh, shit!
Shit.
We're on our own.
Found anything?
I've barely scratched
the surface but here, look.
Our party crasher.
No, this!
That's Mum's handwriting.
Where did your Mum get this?
I don't know.
It's been around our house for years.
I think it might have been my Grandma's.
It doesn't matter where the book
came from if it's got some answers!
Jess.
The monster in my bedroom.
What did it look like?
How should I know?
I was unconscious.
But you saw something, right?
I don't know.
I remember the sound of breaking glass.
Bitch.
Fuck!
That looks like the one
that killed the police.
It's got us all trapped in here
with no way out.
Jess, hang on.
According to Gary.
That thing.
Released these worms.
And we're all familiar with that one.
I never want to meet that one.
Wait.
This symbol.
It's on all of the pages of the monsters
we've seen tonight.
I've seen that symbol before.
To summon the five.
A sacrifice must be made.
Only the blood of a Virgin.
On the eve of.
A ritual sacrifice.
On the eve of what?
Five points.
Five monsters.
All with this symbol.
And we've seen three of them.
Which means there's
still two more to come.
If someone performed a ritual sacrifice.
Then whose blood is that?
What about that geeky guy
in the Hawaiian shirt?
He was probably a Virgin.
At least, until he went
into your bedroom.
The girl in red.
Wait, no.
When me and Mona went into
your room, that guy was fine.
The girl wasn't there.
How do you explain that?
Unless.
It's a Shape-shifter.
Are you OK?
That's the one that killed Mum.
She wrote some notes in the margins.
Cunning and smart.
Imitates its prey.
Can control the other monsters.
No known weaknesses.
And that last note simply says.
Run.
It could have killed me ten years ago.
If this thing really is behind all this.
Why wait until tonight
to finish the job?
Jess, over here!
It's OK.
I think she just needs
a friend right now.
What's a Jinn?
Oooooh!
Hey! You can't do that.
She said I could!
Wow.
That's one creepy house.
What now?
Where did she go?
Gary!
Hey man!
Move!
Ow, what happened?
And why do my balls hurt?
Beth?
Are you OK?
Come on, where are you?
Sophie,
tell me you have something!
A Jinn can posses anyone but
never the same person twice!
Something useful!
We need to wind it!
If we can force
it out, we can trap it
back in the picture!
Jess, get the picture!
Get ready.
For what?
Sorry Beth.
Nice one.
I'm alright.
Guys.
I killed him.
It's not your fault Gary.
I'll put him with the others.
Shall I?
What are you doing here?
I was hiding from the monsters
and you brought one here!
Shit.
You're that German exchange student.
Helga, right?
So you don't have a clue
what I'm saying.
Well, for what it's worth.
There was a huge fucking monster
attack that killed a bunch of people.
Then this shape-shifting bitch
threw me out a window
and now I've got this weird
axe man thing stalking me
and you don't have a clue
what I'm saying!
Brilliant!
I understand perfectly.
I was at the party and escaped.
I was perfectly safe
hiding here until you turned up!
Don't worry Helga.
We're going to stick together.
We need to find my friends
and make sure they're OK.
Well count me out!
That's the spirit.
I'm Mona by the way.
I know!
You're the girl who is
always in trouble at school!
It's a handshake.
Means we're partners now.
Come on.
What are you doing?
You can't go that way, you'll be killed!
I have a car parked
just around the corner.
If we head back the other way,
we can get out of here!
I know you're scared but
you've got to be quiet.
In a moment we'll get our chance
and we'll make a run for it.
What?!
Now!
Get off me!
My car's this way you idiot!
Helga!
See, there's a definite
pattern in the notes.
What was Mum up to?
She knew all sorts. Breeds of monsters,
their vulnerable spots, how to hunt them.
I just wish she'd finished
translating the book.
Me too.
Near as I can tell,
each of these monsters was
summoned by the blood ritual.
But the rituals over now, right?
I don't know.
There's something missing.
Also, there's something else
that's been bothering me.
That thing could kick the door down
and slice us all to pieces at any minute
but he hasn't.
Why?
And, when I was possessed by the Jinn.
I couldn't control my actions but
I could feel what was going on and
when I had my hands around your neck,
He wasn't trying to kill you.
This thing had be backed into a corner.
It could have killed me
in an instant but
instead, it hesitated.
They're keeping you alive.
For how long?
We've been lucky so far.
But I doubt a cake knife is going
to get us past what's outside.
If Mum really knew all these things,
she must have had a way
of defending herself.
If I was a monster hunter I'd have
kept a shotgun above the fireplace.
It's the farm.
That's the house...
and the barn.
But what's that?
Vault.
What does that mean?
Well whatever it is,
it must be underground.
All that's out there is a field.
It looks like there's a way in
through the barn.
Slim chance of getting there
in one piece.
There was another way.
My Mum and Dad had the house
renovated when I was really little.
They had the fireplace removed.
Over where the radiator is now.
There could be a safe way out.
You just couldn't wait, could you?
Not quite midnight
but I'm sure we can stretch this out.
There's plenty of
your little friends to kill first.
Who the hell are you?
You might recognise this face!
Come here beautiful!
Arya!
Let me see what
your insides look like!
This way!
Beth.
Beth!
We're just in here.
Is Jess with you?
No.
Jess!
Sophie!
I'm coming!
Don't go!
Jess.
Sophie.
Here, come this way.
Jess!
Sophie!
Come and get her Sophie!
I'll be waiting for you!
Sophie come on!
Over here!
It's taken Jess.
Guys?
I don't want to die Sophie.
You are not going to die.
Guys?
I wouldn't let anything happen to you.
I promise.
And hey.
If tonight proves anything.
At least you know I'm not crazy.
Guys, will you look at this!
Your Mum had a weapons room!
What?
Sophie.
Mum?
That's what I'm going to call her.
Jonas is over the moon.
He's always wanted a girl
but this changes everything.
I can't go chasing monsters
into the dark anymore.
Not until Sophie is old enough
to know the truth.
They'll come for her.
On the eve of her eighteenth.
But when that night comes
I'll be standing right beside her.
The monsters
will always be a threat.
And it's my responsibility
to hunt them.
Soon it will be Sophie's too.
No matter what, I'll protect
this precious life growing inside of me.
You're gonna have
a lot on your shoulders kid.
But I'll be with you,
every step of the way.
Sophie.
This is why they've been
keeping me alive.
They need my blood to complete
the ritual.
They just had to wait
until I turned eighteen.
So what happens
if they finish the ritual?
We barely survived a handful of them.
There are hundreds of
monsters in that book.
No.
We have to run, there has to be a way.
Beth.
We need to get you out of here!
If they can't find you!
They have Jess!
I won't leave her to die.
I'm the only reason that thing,
hasn't killed her yet.
This one isn't like
the other ones Sophie.
You saw the book. There's no vulnerable
spot, no secret trick to killing it!
Then we do this the old fashioned way.
This is my party!
Lets kill some fucking monsters!
Sophie.
Over here.
Are we ready for this?
We're gonna head back to the house
and kill anything that gets in our way.
I think we should
only kill the monsters.
Yes Beth.
I think she only meant
the monsters Beth.
That's good.
Follow me.
Please, you have to help me.
I'm dying and
there is a monster out there!
She doesn't look good.
What happened to you?
At last! I was at the party
when the monster attacked
and hid in the barn.
Mona showed up a little after.
Mona?
I tried to get her to follow me
I have a car nearby,
if only she had listened.
Is she alive?
Come on.
crickets chirping)
Sophie!
Sophie.
How do I know you're the real Mona?
When you were twelve, you had
the biggest crush on Katy Perry.
Still do.
Oh God, I thought you were dead.
I'm still here.
You look bad ass.
And Beth.
You look fierce.
I'm glad you're alive Mona.
Me too.
So.
We're going back to the house.
Get some drinks.
Kill some Monsters.
You coming?
Hell yeah.
Lets do this!
Alright.
You've already gone.
OK!
I didn't know your clock did that.
It doesn't.
Guys?
I need a pee.
Sorry.
When you've gotta go, you've gotta go.
Bathroom's down there.
I'll be quick.
Kill me.
Kill me!
Sophie!
Jess!
Mona! Gary needs us!
Sophie.
You go with Beth.
I've got this.
Gary!
Mona! Mona, come on!
No, Gary!
Happy Birthday Sophie.
Let her go!
You've grown up
so much since we first met.
And like the fatted calf,
you're ready to be slaughtered.
With your blood,
I will summon all of my kin!
And then the ritual
will finally be complete!
Will you scream for me Sophie?
Just like Mummy did?
Die you monster scum!
Come on Gary. Come on Gary!
Gary.
Do not die!
Sophie.
It's Mum.
Mum?
What are you doing darling?
I'm so disappointed in you.
Put that thing down!
You should be ashamed of yourself!
Nice try Bitch!
Jess!
Get a room!
Or at least clean this one up!
Beth.
Sophie!
Jess!
Is Gary OK?
I thought I was a Gonner.
But Beth saved me.
Are we safe?
For now.
What about this?
I'm gonna study it.
Use it.
Find all the monsters and kill them all.
And we'll help you.
Can we go to the Hospital first please?
Hi.
What the fuck?
Hello.
Let's do this!